Good morning, family, and welcome back.
It's Brandon and Diana again, and we are
blessed to have you here. We were
looking forward to this, weren't we? I
believe God has some work for us to do
in the spirit realm.
Somebody sent me a video from
Kim
Clement. They asked, 'Hey, did you see this, Brandon? Did
you see this video?'I said, 'No, I've never
seen this video before.'He talked about
the oak
tree. The Lord showed me
four massive oak trees, and I've tried to
interpret it myself the best I can
because I still don't know what it means.
I saw four oak trees and I thought it
meant four
years, but like I said,
you do not assume you know anything
or speculate about the spirit
whenever it comes to what He's showing
you. It takes time to pray it out, and
He doesn't give you the whole
interpretation all the time really quick.
Sometimes it takes months; sometimes it
may take years to get the whole thing.
But when he came on there and started
talking about the oak tree and
a new energy source,
I was like, 'What is this,
the oak tree?'I'm like, that is not
a
coincidence that he's seeing an oak tree.
I saw four massive oak trees and I
thought, 'What is this, Lord, that You would
show that man of God, before he went
home to be with You, about the oak tree,
and then You come and tell me four oak
trees?'He
didn't understand what he was
seeing either; he didn't have the whole
interpretation of it, but he saw oak
trees, the acorn, and
then he saw
x p, but he didn't see the middle
letter. Then the Lord showed me,
while
driving down the road, about x p, but
I won't give the other one
because this is not financial advice. But
I saw that certain thing going above
$10,000 and I saw it going to $5 quickly.
The Lord told me that this would be
big like Apple or Microsoft; it would be
the new dot-com era that's coming, a
new dot-com era was coming through digital platforms.
It would
be a supernatural wealth
transfer coming through certain
things. I'm telling you, ladies
and gentlemen, I believe we are seeing
President Trump step on the scene with
Elon
Musk, and we are seeing people who have a
different way of
thinking, who are not your average Joes,
who
have brilliant minds. The Lord
told me there was a
Solomon-type
of an anointing that was coming
on Trump in a greater magnitude in this
next four-year term for the wealth of
the sinner laid up for the just, and that it
would come as they bless Israel.
People don't like that part of it, but
there was the covering of the
blessing of Israel, like He said: 'Those
that bless Israel, I will bless, and those
that curse Israel, I will
curse.'The
blessing, as you bless
Israel, comes on America in a different
light.
People say, 'I thought you saw a
crash.'I
did. Can some of that
be averted? I have no idea. All I know is
that I see a covering, and things are
different when I pray over it now more
than they've ever been, even more than
earlier this year. Coming in
2024, the warnings that I was getting
got pushed back. I'm
telling you, it's been prayer. Prayer
changes things.
People
go, 'Well, I don't understand that.'Well, you
don't know the Spirit; you don't
understand the Holy Spirit. You don't
understand that the heartbeat of the
Father is
grace; the heartbeat of the Father is
love. He's not a bully; He's not the mafia
paying off the mafia with your tithe so
the bully doesn't beat you up.
Most people think, 'Well, I've got to do this
so I rebuke the devourer. If I don't, then
the devourer is going to eat me and
the mafia is not going to protect
me.'It's
the
mentality of how they see Him, as if He is
not a God of love, but He's a
God of judgment. People think God's mean,
but God is a God of love.
The more you fall in love
with Him as your Father, as your great
Creator, as your friend, as your El
Elyon,
as your Jehovah Jireh, as your
everything that you know He is, the more
He becomes real to you and you realize
He is compassion. Yes, He's correction, but
He says He corrects those He loves.
Love never
fails, and love sometimes
is a
spanking; we need it sometimes
as the body of Christ.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord
first. We see what the Scriptures
say: 'If My people, who are called by
My name, will humble themselves and
pray.'But
do we believe what the
Scriptures
say, that we will hear from heaven and He
will heal our land? He said, 'I
was watching the month of October.
My people cry out for mercy in
Washington and all around the world,
praying for a God-fearing man, praying
for a person that I had chosen to put in
for such a time as
this.'And
now He said, 'I've heard that, and the
balance of the
scales—I've
given you more
time.'He's
giving
a season more of
grace.
He keeps talking about this
four years.
What are you going to do with the next
four years? Are you going to go back into
your slumber and your
spiritual
sleep, or are you going to win the lost?
'I've given you some time.
What will you do with this time? A
reprieve,'He
called it.
'I'm giving you a reprieve,
America.'I'm
telling
you, God is rich in
Mercy. When we pray and He
sees His kids praying, just like we do
with our
kids, how much more is our heavenly
Father good to give good gifts to us?
I think it's Matthew 7:11.
He's
not up there with a big hammer;
He's going, 'Come to
Daddy, I want to love on
you.'He
wants
to have a passionate relationship
with you where you wake up every morning
and say, 'Good morning, Holy Spirit;
good morning, Jesus; good morning,
Father.'Now
we see a window of blessing
and
what I've seen turn around in
prayer.
The enemy and his goons are trying
to push their agenda against God's
agenda, trying to speed up the
Antichrist agenda, bringing a
major world war. The Lord said, 'We
want to stop this; we want
a
revival.'I've
seen
the house of cards fall; I've seen it
come through the debt ceiling.
But I'm telling you,
after I saw what Prophet
Kim Clement saw about x
p
and the oak tree
back years ago, I thought, 'Lord, You've
had a plan the whole
time.'After
some people have been
praying over x p and the oak tree
for over 10 years plus, I
went, 'This has been a
plan.'He
gives us a
little piece of the puzzle all of the
time. Now we know what the middle
letter is; we know it's x p and something
else,
but he didn't
know. Isn't that
amazing?
Somebody sent us that in an email and it
blessed me.
It gives
me clarity
and
confirmation. We still
don't know what the oak tree represents,
but
I have a
glimpse of what x p means
to me. I'm praying
over what it will do.
The Lord is showing me
that there is a
wisdom on Trump to
turn things around for the body of
Christ, that we will have our window of
revival
and
a glorious
outpouring of the Spirit like we've
never seen before.
I saw a
grace
explosion. I saw transgender people
sitting in the back because of the
glory, people being desperate and
hungry, wanting to
experience the presence of the Lord.
They were showing up
to churches in their outfits and their
rainbow-colored
hair,
taking those wigs off and
weeping before the
Lord. They were men
dressed up like women,
giving their hearts to Jesus Christ.
Most
churches are so
anti-all-that,
but
the
Lord said, 'Brandon, I desire for every man
to have the opportunity to get born
again—not
to stay in the sin, but to have an
opportunity to
change.'People
are just hurting
and
deceived,
walking like a goose in the fog.
All we have to do is bring
the anointing of the Holy Spirit and
be
that salt and light,
laying hands on the sick and seeing
them
recover. I saw major Hollywood
stars
come because of the revival, breaking the
chains. They
are
seeking drugs
and
perversion to fill that void,
but
the only
thing that's ever going to fill that
void is Jesus
Christ and the Holy Spirit. He came
to set the captives free.
I'm talking about a
relationship like you
have with your wife or
husband, but even
greater—a
peace
that passes all
understanding.
When they see that
the
healings
are
authentic
and
not put on...
let's just be
real. If you've got issues, let's
work through them. Don't try to
bury it.
Just be real. When you get real with
God, God will get real with you. Quit
pretending and playing church. We're
all a work in progress.
Stop pretending and being
full of
pride.
Get yourself
right; come up
higher.
I just felt
the Holy Spirit say all this. I had
nothing really
planned,
but it came up
out of me to tell you there's a
great revival
coming.
The
Lord called it a great grace
explosion. He said, 'Where sin abounds, My
grace does much more abound,
Brandon.'He
said, 'I'm going to give one last push,
a great grace explosion, not
judgment.'It's
something
beyond anything you can comprehend.
We don't realize
the compassion
He has for
us.
It makes me go, 'Man,
these people deserve
hell,'but
God said, 'I want to show
them
love.'Remember
when
the Sons of Thunder wanted to call
down fire?
He
said, 'You don't know what spirit
you
are
of.'He
wanted to
show them love.
I've seen a great revival
coming, and I know what the Lord is
showing me about finances. There
is
a great blessing coming.
We've
got to pray against this war
and
the Antichrist
agenda trying to stop the move of God.
I believe we can turn
things, just like He said He's giving
us
more time,
a season of
extended
grace.
He said, 'People will
say you've missed
it, but you haven't missed
it. I've given more
time.'There
will be a major crash in the
economy and the house of cards will fall,
but do
not rejoice
when
it
falls; remain humble.
If they ridicule you,
just keep speaking what
I
want you to
say. I know beyond a shadow of a doubt
I've heard Him.
I can miss timing just
out of growing and learning, but
when I say I've seen something, I don't
fabricate
it.
Some of it you can stop with prayer and
some of it you can't.
It's for me
realizing how much more God's grace is
for
us.
He
allowed me to see inside of Him, and I
could see there was no beginning
and no end.
He said,
'I'm going to allow you to see in the
depth of
Me.'Those
diamonds and
sapphires,
all those jewels on
the crown of His head... I could
see the glory.
God is light, and
in Him there is no darkness at all.
The closest
I've ever been was when He visited,
and
I said, 'Lord,
You've got to
veil this because I
feel like my spiritual eyes are going to
melt.'But
I could see
the dove come out of Him and
flow over the top of us.
I don't share all of
this
because it's private.
The experiences we've
had are priceless.
I know
most people would be jealous if I
told them the depth of
it,
but I keep that private.
Isn't Jesus
wonderful?
Lord, we know You love
us, and we just yield to that love
today.
Become real to every single person
watching
through
demonstrations and
manifestations of Your glory.
It will pop
like popcorn, You said. 'I will save
Hollywood. I will save Elon Musk.'A great
move of the Father
is
coming. Father, I thank You that
we are the
harvesters. You
asked me,
'Will you help
me bring
in
the
harvest?'We
will be bold for
You. When we lay hands on the
sick, we want to see
results. We want to see
the blinded eyes open, the
deaf
ears open, the lame
leap, and those who weren't able
to speak—their tongues will move again.
Jesus is the same yesterday, today,
and forever.
We have a treasure
in earthen vessels, that the excellency
of the power will be known of You and
not of
us. Make that so real in our
spirits
today.
We pick up the cross and
follow
You.
If
You'd
use
a
donkey to
warn the prophet,
You
can
use me. We
thank
You for a fresh touch of Your Holy
Spirit
today. We want
today's mana,
a fresh
manifestation
of the
glory on our
houses. I want
authentic—real
authentic—in
our lives.
We take authority right now
over this
war and over the plans
of the
enemy through certain key leaders, from
Emmanuel
Macron to Putin to Biden.
If it
need be, like Ananias and Sapphira, I thank You
that You would do whatever
it takes for
the
removing of bad leadership.
This will not take
place, and millions of lives will
be saved.
I'm giving you extended
grace for
a harvest.
We will see a mighty move of
Your presence,
even greater than
what You did for the children of
Israel. This will be
the
generation
that
ushers in
the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ,
the former and
the latter rain together.
We
are
going
into
the
backfields
to
bring in
the
lost
ones,
going
after the ninety-nine, going after the one.
Give
us
a special anointing
to minister to the
lost and lay hands on the sick.
We show that Jesus Christ is love
and that He loves unconditionally.
We call forth Elon Musk
and
Taylor
Swift; we pray for their souls.
They need
to
have a
revelation that
they
need Jesus.
The blinders are coming off of
their eyes in the name of Jesus.
They will use their
celebrity for the glory of God.
They'll be
the
biggest billboard for You.
This
is a time of great acceleration of
seedtime
and harvest.
All the
bad seeds we've sowed, we call crop
failure over
them
in
Jesus'name.
We pray acceleration over the
good seeds.
People
will say, 'How did this happen?'and
we'll say,
'It was all
Jesus.'I
thank You that
the people coming across Elon
Musk's
path are born again.
Visit
him
even in
the midnight hour.
We
will
use
Starlink to get the internet out to the
people, and there will be a great
transfer of knowledge from
biblical principles.
I thank You
for a move of
Your Spirit in Asia,
in
North Korea,
South Korea, and over
the underground churches in
China.
It would
spread like fire all throughout Asia.
Behold, You are doing a new
thing.
What are we
going to do for this
generation, for the millennials
and all the younger
people? I call them
saved.
They're
like moths to
a
light.
Father, we thank You that
You
will
diffuse
this war in
Jesus'name.
We
ask for the Spirit of the Lord to move
on Vladimir Putin's heart today
and
on Zelenskyy's heart
today, that they come to an agreement of
peace
or remove the people out of the way.
I
pray
wisdom over President Trump
to turn things
around. We call forth his advisers,
even Elon Musk, that he would have
supernatural wisdom
to
help bring America out of
the hole.
Make this country
godly again, not just great again.
Stir in the churches,
the pulpits, the
pastors, the prophets, and the
evangelists.
Let's
have a supernatural manifestation
of the glory,
one more time
like they did in
Azusa
Street.
I call peace right now over these
areas and over
the holiday Christmas
shopping. I
say, in
the name
of Jesus,
any kind
of
plan
concerning
inauguration day
will not come to
pass. All hidden things be revealed.
We take authority over
any
kind of terrorist attack
or
division.
We call forth the FBI,
CIA, and Homeland
Security—the
good, godly
ones—to
have supernatural wisdom on how to
protect this nation.
Divine protection over
President Trump, his wife, his
kids, and his grandkids.
Let
all
corruption be brought to justice.
It's
like
turning a light on in
a kitchen and all the cockroaches
scatter.
We're swatting them with
a big
flyswatter, spraying
them with
Holy Ghost raid.
We
move
the demonic
strongholds, the principalities, and the powers out of the way.
We will
rise up and take our place
like Joshua and
Caleb.
People will get a
backbone.
We pray
over President Trump, and we thank You
that Joe Biden goes and retires now.
We
pray he
finds
You,
same with Kamala Harris.
You told me great, embarrassing
things were coming for her because of
the seeds they
sowed.
In
the
process,
I ask
that she would find
You.
Like Kim
Clement said, 'You tried to put a witch in
the White
House, but we blocked
it.'Trump
will be a
trumpet. This
is the time we've all been waiting
for. This
will be an America that
prays
again.
I don't want to see a
financial
crisis; I
thank You that You
always provide for Your
beloved.
Amen.
We pray for every one of you to
have a healthy, blessed day.
Whatever you have need of,
Jesus paid the price.
We call you delivered from
all sickness and disease.
We pray over every
offering, 30, 60,
100-fold.
We thank You that You
anoint them to prosper.
We're blessed in the city
and the field.
We pray over
the
lady trying to
breastfeed her child,
that
the milk
ducts
would
drop and
her supply would be
in abundance.
That baby would latch on
properly.
If any babies have tongues that
are tied, they become untied in the
name of Jesus.
Be like a Jersey
cow, an abundant supply. I don't
know why I heard that, but I just heard that—a
supply
like a Jersey cow,
a
gallon a day if need
be.
A
full-belly
baby
is
a
happy
baby.
Someone
out there
is
believing for an adoption.
We call the finances in
for that
and
supernatural favor to
find a child.
Children are our inheritance.
Doors
will
open where they need
to.
We stand with you
today. Everybody who doesn't have a
child but wants one,
we stand for that—that they will
conceive in the name of Jesus.
The
reproductive systems will
function.
The ovaries
and
the womb will be the
perfect home for this baby.
No cysts on the ovaries.
We
call
for
the fruit of the womb.
I saw a Holy Ghost glow on the
wombs of the women.
No miscarriages;
the anointing
is going over your
uterus
right now.
Polyps being
dissolved.
Generational curses broken.
I heard
polyps.
So Father, we pray over the
colons and the
uteri—all polyps
be dissolved.
No cancer of the colon
or
uterus.
I call healing
over the
sphincters. Yes, it's a uterus thing
too—endometrial
polyps.
We call that to dissolve in
the name of Jesus. Uterine
polyps.
We call them gone.
Cycles to be regular.
They will sleep
soundly—no
more torment
or
depression from SAD. Healing over
thyroids.
No
Seasonal
Affective
Disorder.
Their
serotonin levels
are normal. We speak life over your
serotonin
and
dopamine.
We command
the
spirit of depression to go.
Be
delivered
from anxiety and fear.
We renew our minds with the Word of
God.
We
call
for
healing over
people's legs—cramping
and
gout.
I call
healing over that calf
and
restoration over the knee
joint,
the
cartilage,
tendons,
and
the
ligaments.
New joints
in the
name of Jesus.
I see a rotator cuff
being
healed and whole,
no more pain.
We take authority
over arthritis and
rheumatoid
arthritis
in the hands and knuckles.
Deliverance comes now.
Blood disorders
are
being healed
right now.
The power of the Holy Spirit is driving out leukemia. The fire of the Lord drives it out. I felt it. The Holy Spirit moved.
It's
Days of Heaven on Earth.
They're coming.
Watch what I'm going to do,
says
the Spirit of the Lord.
Draw close to Me and come up
higher.
It's a time of great acceleration.
It's time to soar.
My perfect love will cast
out that
fear.
Listen to Me;
freshness
will flow.
Go into all the world and
bring deliverance to the
captives.
It
will require you to come up higher every
day.
It
needs
consistency.
I want to
dedicate my time for that
too—consistency.
Well, I'm glad I showed up today. I
hope you are too.
If you're new here,
we do prayer every day.
If you could please like our
video and subscribe, click the
notification bell. It
helps
with the algorithm. We're trying so
hard to grow a
million-prayer
army.
The Lord said, 'I've mandated you
to do prayer every day to
have a million
people.'We
can
change things. For many—what did he say
yesterday?—'Many
hands make light
work.'We're
stronger together.
I believe it's time for us
to be together and not be divided by all
kinds of doctrines of demons, but just
rising up and being one
body. I remember
Tommy Hicks—I don't remember his name, I think it
was him—who
had the vision of the
giant rising up and the body became one.
It was an
end-time
vision he had.
I believe with all my
heart that Jesus is about to do
something we've never seen
before.
Isn't it exciting that He picked you and
me and my wife?
He said to me, 'Brandon, you're the
generation that will not taste
death.'Jesus
is coming.
Put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart.
Jesus loves you so much.
God
bless you all, and
we'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.